Rpc consistency proposal: Wait for up to a number of blocks specified in configuration before failing (#2666)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed 
- [2473](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2473): Graphql requests and responses make use of a new `extensions` object to specify request/response metadata. A request `extensions` object can contain an integer-valued `required_fuel_block_height` field. When specified, the request will return an error unless the node's current fuel block height is at least the value specified in the `required_fuel_block_height` field. All graphql responses now contain an integer-valued `current_fuel_block_height` field in the `extensions` object, which contains the block height of the last block processed by the node.

### Added
- [2666](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2666) Added `--required-fuel-block-height-tolerance` CLI arg (default: `10`). Requests with `required_fuel_block_height` set will wait if within tolerance of `current_fuel_block_height` instead of failing.

> ## [Version 0.41.5]

Reviewer: It seems you need to merge with master, because the latest version is `0.41.6`=)

Author: rebased

### Added
- [2150](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2150): Upgraded `libp2p` to `0.54.1` and introduced `ConnectionLimiter` to limit pending incoming/outgoing connections.

> - [2666](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-core/pull/2666) Added `--graphql-block-height-tolerance` (default: `10`) and `--graphql-block-height-min-timeout-secs` (default: `30`) CLI args. Requests with `required_fuel_block_height` set will wait if within tolerance of `current_fuel_block_height` instead of failing. The number of seconds that the node will wait is proportional to the number of blocks `lag-behind-blocks` that the node is lagging behind the required fuel block height, and equal to `graphql-block-height-min-timeout-secs + lag-behind-blocks.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can be more concise, because we don't need to treat changelog as a feature documentation :)

```suggestion
Added two new CLI arguments to control the GraphQL queries consistency: `--graphql-block-height-tolerance` (default: `10`) and `--graphql-block-height-min-timeout-secs` (default: `30`). If a request requires a specific block height and the node is slightly behind, it will wait instead of failing. The wait time increases with the block lag, starting at the minimum timeout.
```
